README.md, before:

### Checklist

- [x] **Monorepo**: Build a structured monorepo of modules that follows MVC and CSR patterns
- [x] **Gateway**: Implement `gateway` app
- [x] **Authentication**: Implement `authentication` app
    - [x] Implement JWT login flow on `/auth/login`
    - [x] Implement `/register`
    - [x] Implement `/users` for fetching users
- [x] **Network Service**: Implement `NetworkService` for internal communication via `TCP` from Gateway to Authentication
- [x] **Validation**: Implement validation with `class-validator`
- [x] **Database**: Persistence using `mongodb`
- [x] **Logging**: Centralized module
- [ ] **Tests**:
    - [x] Unit Tests
    - [ ] E2E Tests
- [x] **Health Checks**: `<gateway>/health`
  - [x] Gateway microservice hit
  - [x] NetworkService hit
  - [x] Authentication microservice hit
  - [x] MongoDB hit
- [x] **Rate Limiting**
- [x] **Caching**: via `cache-manager` for `/users`
- [x] **Swagger**: `<gateway>/api`
- [ ] **Docker**: Dockerized all services
- [ ] GitHub `README.md` for usage and architectural documentation
- [ ] Use of DTOs and RTOs (with Mapping)
- [ ] Video walkthrough

Commit message:

progress: added complete Docker support with checks

README.md, after:

### Checklist

- [x] **Monorepo**: Build a structured monorepo of modules that follows MVC and CSR patterns
- [x] **Gateway**: Implement `gateway` app
- [x] **Authentication**: Implement `authentication` app
    - [x] Implement JWT login flow on `/auth/login`
    - [x] Implement `/register`
    - [x] Implement `/users` for fetching users
- [x] **Network Service**: Implement `NetworkService` for internal communication via `TCP` from Gateway to Authentication
- [x] **Validation**: Implement validation with `class-validator`
- [x] **Database**: Persistence using `mongodb`
- [x] **Logging**: Centralized module
- [ ] **Tests**:
    - [x] Unit Tests
    - [ ] E2E Tests
- [x] **Health Checks**: `<gateway>/health`
  - [x] Gateway microservice hit
  - [x] NetworkService hit
  - [x] Authentication microservice hit
  - [x] MongoDB hit
- [x] **Rate Limiting**
- [x] **Caching**: via `cache-manager` for `/users`
- [x] **Swagger**: `<gateway>/api`
- [ ] **Docker**: Dockerized all services
- [ ] **Documentation**: GitHub `README.md` for usage and architectural documentation
- [ ] **Postman Collection**: Simplified collection for quick testing
- [ ] **Walkthrough**: Video walkthrough
